# Research Goal
My primary research interest is in the area of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). I believe that one of the most important challenges in HCI over the next decade would be in programming education with emphasis on practical use achieved by collaborative learning. In the past few years, as many educational tools provide new ways to learn how to code interactively, it has been easier for a beginner to attain a basic knowledge of programming. However, there is still a huge gap between acquiring basic knowledge and putting it to practical use. For example, mastering the basics of JavaScript has become relatively easy; on the other hand, building a practical web application with JavaScript is still difficult to achieve without practical experience. This is due to the lack of interactivity in online resources which would allow users to understand the intricacies of more complex applications of basic coding knowledge.

My research goal is to fill this gap by designing a web-based educational platform that is closely integrated with its user community. Both the community and tool design are equally important, since the community must be provided with the necessary tools to create various, more advanced examples of practical application that might intrigue users and aid their learning. To achieve this goal, during my PhD, I plan to focus on developing the user interface for a web-based learning environment and its practical tutorial generator, and then release it online for public use. Following release, the next objective will be to help foster a community for collaborative learning. I believe that, having research experience on both user interface development and community-based social behavior, it is possible for me to achieve.

# Research Experience 
The motivation behind this research goal comes from my personal experience at the Mitaka student dormitory. I built a programmer community, called Mitakalab, with students who have different academic backgrounds. One of the projects we worked on was an automated watering device with remote monitoring of plant moisture levels. This project was built with a combination of different technologies such as Arduino, Node.js, WebSocket and D3.js, as well as agricultural knowledge. I was amazed that the combination of each person’s knowledge could have such a strong practical application. This experience helped me to realize the importance of collaboration, where the application of the basic knowledge of each individual could be employed in practical development. I also found that, through the use of a separate tool we developed for sharing such knowledge, the collaboration process was simplified significantly. Since then, I have had a strong interest in collaborative learning and its community.

To understand social behavior in a community, I have studied social science through undergraduate and graduate research. After taking several graduate economics and mathematics courses, I did research on social networks and game theory under the supervision of Prof. Michihiro Kandori. I applied my knowledge of game theory to explain how online platforms such as YouTube and Twitter grow in popularity, and how their user communities form over time. We found that the level of activity of early users has a crucial role in the increase of the overall number of users and contents. We showed that our results are robust to time-series data collected from an experimental online platform. The paper was later  accepted at The 10th Conference on Web and Internet Economics (WINE’14), and I have received KAKENHI Grants-in-Aid for Scientific Research for three years. In order to further understand the structure and growth of a community and how it is influenced by incentive, I chose incentive design as my next field of research. I investigated the incentive structure of GitHub collaboration, and found that the visibility of users’ contributions has a positive impact on the incentive to join and contribute to the developer community. This research into social science helped me to appreciate the importance of community design.

At the same time, I have been working on designing a collaborative web-based tool, called Cumiki, for the purpose of education. The motivation behind this research is to help beginners  grasp huge source code. A well-organized document is always useful in understanding code, however, creating an up-to-date document is an annoying task. To solve this problem, I developed a tool that helps programmers to create step-by-step and up-to-date tutorials by drag-and-drop code annotation. Cumiki makes it easier to share the knowledge behind source code and accelerate project-based learning within a group. I also developed a project called Interactive Video Tutorial (IVT). IVT records the users' keyboard typing and automatically generates a JavaScript-based video tutorial. The learner is able not only to watch the process of coding, but also to learn how to code interactively. These projects were well received in several demo competitions, including finalist at TechCrunch Tokyo, 1st prize at University of Tokyo Entrepreneur Dojo, and Microsoft Award at Business Model Competition. 

I am currently working on a small number of projects with Prof. Koji Yatani. One of the projects is an information visualization toolkit for non-programmers called Sift. Sift enables users to convert information on any website into structured JSON data simply by dragging the mouse,  enabling them to visualize statistical data without any coding experience. I am also working on an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for making programming instructions. I plan to submit our work to UIST’15. In addition, in order to better prepare myself for the PhD program at University of Washington, I have taken courses regarding computer science including Web Engineering, Ubiquitous Computing, Information Visualization, and Machine Learning as well as Design of Learning Environment. I have also acquired solid practical programming skills by working as a software engineer for the past two years. Moreover, I have been accepted as a research intern at Viewpoints Research Institute led by Dr. Alan Kay, and I plan to accumulate research experience on HCI.

# Why University of Washington
My ultimate career goal is to become a researcher in Information Science and HCI. Therefore, after earning my PhD, I plan to continue my research as a faculty member in academia. The Information School at the University of Washington is the best place to pursue this career goal, as there are many research groups, including DUB Group, USE Group, MAD Lab, and DataLab, that do inspiring and highly interdisciplinary work which resonates with my research goals. I understand that iSchool places emphasis on interdisciplinary and collaborative works that cut across multiple fields and disciplines in order to think expansively about information problems. I am confident that my diverse research experience, unique background, and solid programming skills would provide both academic diversity and a different perspective to iSchool. For example, my research experience in game theory would provide insight into simplifying complex social and information problems. Moreover, both the theoretical knowledge of social science and practical skills in computer engineering enable me to do practical analysis with theoretical grounding of human behavior. Therefore, I believe that I can have a significant and positive impact on the outcomes of research groups at iSchool.

# Conclusion
Through my research, I want to help people of all backgrounds and ages to leverage their potential creativity by making it easier to acquire practical software skills. I believe that my research will surely play an important role in future computer education and, consequently, in accelerating user-driven innovation. As a researcher in HCI, I want to contribute to research in Information Science at the University of Washington, and, in the future, I want to achieve my vision to bring the fun of computer programming to everyone all over the world.

# Faculty and Research Interests
As potential faculty advisors, I am interested in Prof. Andrew J. Ko, Prof. Jacob O. Wobbrock, Prof. Jessica R. Hullman, and Prof. Joshua Blumenstock. In the following sections, I explain how his/her  work matches my research interest.

Prof. Andrew J. Ko
I am passionate about programming education with emphasis on practical use achieved by collaborative learning. This is the very area that Prof. Andrew Ko and his PhD students have been working on. I am particularly interested in USE Group since he has developed a novel way to learn how to code. For example, Gidget [1] is one of the most intriguing projects for me. His other projects, including Jasper [2], Barista [3], and Whyline [4], alsoalign with my research interests very well. I am really impressed not only by his approach to learning in an enjoyable way, but also by the tool design that works on a browser. I think that the importance of programming education, especially online and with mobile devices, will continue to grow over the next decade. 

Additionally, I contacted Prof. Andrew Ko following my growing interest in his research group. His words convinced me that USE Group is the best place to pursue my research goal. Since then, I am eager to work with him and to contribute to his groundbreaking studies of computer education as a member of USE Group. To better prepare myself for his research, I have acquired adequate skills in web-based (JavaScript), and mobile-based (Objective-C and Java) programming languages. I am also confident that my research experience in programming education and unique background in social science will become a significant contribution to his research group.

Prof. Jacob O. Wobbrock
I believe a novel user interface plays a crucial role in tomorrow’s computer science education. He and his Mobile + Accessible Design (MAD) research lab would be the best place to pursue my research goal related to user interface design. His project on LemonAid and its related papers, including CHI’12 [5] and CHI’13 [6], helped me to realize the importance of user interface design. I think that the algorithm behind his crowdsourcing help system can be applied to community-based tutorials, which could improve the quality of coding tutorials as user activity levels increase. I would like to accelerate my research on user interface design with him.

Prof. Jessica R. Hullman
I am really impressed by her recent project about NewsViews and the related paper at CHI’14 [7]. I understand the problem stated in the paper; “Designers capable  of  producing  high-quality, customized geo-visualizations are scarce”. Her solution inspired me to work on my current project, called Sift, an information visualization toolkit for non-programmers. Through this project, I would like to provide a Visualization Development Environment (VDE) that makes it easier for people of all backgrounds and ages to visualize information. I believe that my solid skills in information visualization and background in social science can surely contribute to her work.

Prof. Joshua Blumenstock
I have a strong interest in data analysis of user-generated content. His research about the measure of articles in Wikipedia at WWW’08 [8] matches this interest very well. Moreover, I am confident that I would be a strong candidate for his DataLab research group. I have a wide background in social behavior and statistical analysis, since I have taken graduate level core courses of econometrics, achieving the highest grade. I also have solid programming skills (Python, PHP, C/C++, Ruby, JavaScript or similar as stated in his website), as well as work experience as a data analyst of Massive Online Open Courseware (MOOC). I believe that my knowledge in economics and experience in software engineering can make a significant contribution to his research group.
